Hey, dudes. I'm Hilah, and today on Hilah
Cooking, we're making breakfast enchiladas
filled with potatoes and chorizo, topped with
fried eggs with a homemade chili sauce. These
are going to go great with all of your breakfast
margaritas.
Alright. Numero uno. That means number one
in Spanish. We're going to make our chili
sauce. So, I've got here a couple of dried
pasilla chilies. They're pretty sweet and
tasty and delicious. I'm just going to break
the stems off. I've already given them a little
rinse, just to get any dust or pesticide residue
or anything like that off of them, since they're
not organic. Sorry, Jesus. I'm going to add
about a cup of water or maybe a little more.
All we're going to do is bring this to a boil.
When it boils, I'm going to turn the heat
off and just let it sit for about ten minutes
to get reconstituted. So, I'm actually going
to move this to this back burner while that
happens. Do a little magic switcharoo here
and work on numero two. This totally looks
like a number two here.
Alright. What this is is not a turd. It's
some chorizo sausage, some fresh Mexican chorizo
sausage. I'm just going to cook this over
sort of a medium-high heat, until it's cooked
through and in really fine crumbles. You could
totally leave this out. I've made these vegetarian
before, and they're just delicious. But I
had some chorizo, so I'm going to add it.
[music].
Once most of the fat has released, you can
be pretty sure that it's almost cooked. So,
I'm going to add some diced onion. We just
want to soften this a little bit. I still
want to keep some of the crunch integrity
of the onion, but maybe not like fully raw
onions. Although, you totally could. It's
also fine that way. This is a very flexible
recipe, as long as you have the chili sauce
and the potatoes, and even, you could totally
just buy a can of enchilada sauce and make
enchiladas and serve them for breakfast with
an egg on top. I don't give two shits. Okay.
So, our water on the chilies is boiling. That's
great. I'm going to drop in a couple cloves
of raw garlic, just like that. Bloop. Put
the lid back on it. Turn it off and just let
it sit there for ten minutes to get softened
up. Okay. Onions are getting just barely translucent.
Go ahead and turn the heat off. I've got two
red potatoes here that I boiled a couple days
ago, and then peeled and just cut into pretty
big cubes. And then, I'm also going to add
some baby spinach. Tear it up a little bit.
Ew. Gross. I want my money back. But like
I said, yeah, this is totally still a hearty
meal if you leave the chorizo out. The meat
is not integral. I don't know. Take it out.
It's not necessary for the recipe to work.
Just a little extra bonus, because chorizo
is the new bacon, y'all. I just declared that
for 2014. Pass it on.
Just going to mash up those potato chunks
a little bit to help this filling stick together.
That's just going to make it easier to roll
up. Okay. Them the last thing I'm going to
add to the filling is some crumbled up cotija
cheese. This is a Mexican cheese. It's very
firm and salty, kind of reminds me of a merman's
dick because it's firm and salty. Okay. Anyway,
I'm just imagining that merman have perpetual
boners. But anyway, just a little bit of this,
maybe an ounce or so. Just add a nice saltiness.
So, we're not adding any other salt to this
because between the chorizo and the cotija,
we've got it made. But if you were leaving
either one of those out, you probably want
to add a little bit of salt. Mix that around.
And this is not a melting cheese. It stays
in chunks, and they just kind of get soft.
So, it adds a nice little textural bite in
there, a little chewy cheese curd kind of
feel. You could use other types of cheese
too.
Just going to pull them out by the tips. Pull
it out by the tip and let all the seeds drop
out. You could leave them in if you wanted
a really spicy sauce, but I don't know. To
me, this doesn't really need to be like super
hot. These peppers have a really nice fruity
flavor. And the little garlic cloves that
I dropped in. So, they'll still have a little
bit of a rawness to them, but they're not
going to be so sharp and spicy. So, I'm going
to add, to start with, about a half cup of
this soaking liquid. That's why I rinsed these
peppers off first, because you want to be
able to use this liquid, but not if it's full
of weird gross shit, just jizz it around.
Important safety note. When you're blending
hot things in a blender, pressure builds up,
and the lid can blow off. So, make sure that
you allow it to like vent, just by sort of
leaving a little thing like that. Or if you
don't have like a little cap, you can just
cover the blender with like a towel or something,
doubled up, so you don't splatter your hand
with hot liquid. Okay. Safety lesson over.
Whoa, guys. That was loud. Okay. I'm going
to check the consistency. Alright, that looks
pretty good. Smells delicioso. I'm going to
add a little bit of salt, maybe a quarter
teaspoon or so. That's it. Our sauce is done.
So, we can get rid of this. Magically, it
goes over there. And then, for the enchilada
part, I've got some corn tortillas. Typically,
or traditionally, they're sort of like warmed
up and softened in some warm oil before you
roll the enchiladas. I have a cheer white
girl method, and I'm just going to actually
spray them with a little bit of spray oil.
Boop. Boop. Boop. Boop. Boop. Boop. Then,
stick them in the microwave for about 30 seconds,
and you will see how beautifully pliable they
become. Okay. See? These are nice and hot
and soft. Your mileage may vary. You might
need to put them in for a little bit longer,
60 seconds or so. But, looks good to me.
So, we're going to put a little bit of our
sauce down here. And then, you just want to
dredge each tortilla in a little bit of this
sauce. It's going to be a little bit messy.
Don't wear your best shirt. Couple tablespoons
of your filling. And then, shove it on back.
A lot of times when I'm just making these
for Chris and I, I'll just do like a half
batch, and I won't even bother heating up
in the oven. I'll just do it on a plate and
like, microwave them or something.
So, this last one, you've got to do a little
maneuvering, a little Houdini-ing to get it
covered, but you can do it. I promise you'll
manage. Alright. Muy bien. Now, I'm just going
to pour the rest of the sauce over the top.
Well, maybe save a little bit back because
it looks really pretty when you top it with
egg. You can add a little bit more sauce on
top of the egg too. Okay. Gorgeous. Alright.
I'm going to put this in the oven, really
just until I have some eggs fried or poached
or however you want to do them.
Bonus video recipe tip. How to fry an egg
in a cast iron skillet. You have to use butter.
Do not screw around with oil and frying eggs
in a cast iron skillet. I have no idea why
it doesn't work, but it doesn't work. You
have to use butter. I'm sure I'm going to
get a million comments telling me I'm totally
wrong, but in my kitchen, I have to use butter,
or the eggs just stick, and they make a huge
mess. I'm heating this up over pretty high
heat. I'm going to let this butter kind of
-- It'll get a little foamy, and then the
foam will subside. Don't let me down, butter.
Do what I said that you'll do.
Okay. I think that's hot enough. It's sort
of popping and stuff. It's maybe almost about
to turn brown. That's good. So, if you put
it in, and it starts popping like that, that's
good. It means you're probably not going to
have your eggs stick to the pan. It also means
you're probably going to get some little crusty
brown bits, which I personally like. But if
you don't, then you might want to try poaching
your eggs or not using a cast iron skillet.
Just kind of shimmy it. The handle will get
hot, eventually, if you're frying a bunch
of eggs. So, don't have to be like me and
be all stupid. Turn the heat down if it's
popping too much. So, it looks good. The bottom's
all set, white. Get it moving like this, and
then boop, like that.
Turn the heat off immediately, because that
residual heat is going to keep cooking it.
So, it's not like totally done while I get
my enchiladas out of the oven. Alright. Enchiladas
are done. Oops. I scrunched it, but that's
OK. It's going to taste awesome. Then, I'm
going to cover it with a, hopefully, still
runny egg. Come on. I'll just do that. Perfect.
Okay. There you go. Breakfast enchiladas.
I cannot wait to dig in.
I have many other enchilada recipes on my
website and videos. And also, check out my
breakfast playlist, if you are so inclined.
Let's just go ahead and see if the egg yolk
is still runny. Hey. It's not runny, exactly,
but it's moist. Why does that word gross everyone
out so much? Okay.
Get all this good stuff. I'm just going to
take a big old honking bite. God damn it.
If I can. Fork. My fork is traitor-ing me.
That is what I'm talking about. This is what
I want for breakfast if I ever come to stay
at your house, like impromptu like bed and
breakfast session. This is what I want you
to make me. Okay?
Thanks. Thanks for watching. Please subscribe
if you haven't already. Check out Hilah Cooking
for printable recipes, and I'll see you guys
next time. Bye.
Hey. What's a crab's favorite Mexican food?
Pinch-a-lot-as. Get it?
