https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dmW7QynDTY
Hi guys, I'm Laura Vitale and today, upon
your requests, we are making Cookie Dough
Ice Cream!
I've had so many people ask for this recipe,
it's insane! And, it's actually really really
simple. I've also had some people ask me if
cookie dough ice cream is just simply crushed
up chocolate chip cookies in ice cream. It's
not, so today we are going to make the real
thing.
It's so, so easy, and ice cream is something
that I really only make in the Summertime,
so I'm always looking forward to sharing a
new recipe with you.
The recipe to make the custard is pretty simple
and basic. You're going to need some whole
milk, heavy cream, egg yolks, sugar, I also
have a pinch of salt and either vanilla bean,
or I've got some vanilla bean paste here so
it makes my life a little bit easier.
This is really easy. Now, we are going to
make the custard now, and then I'll show you
later how to make the cookie dough and then
when we combine everything together it is
going to be money!
Okay, let's get started - so simple!
I've got a large sauce pan here, and in here
I'm going to add my cream and milk, add them
both at the same time - makes me feel fancy
like that.
And then we're going to add in a good spoonful
of the vanilla paste. You would need one vanilla
bean that you would scrape down and get rid
of - you know, take all the seeds out and
put it in here - the vanilla beans. But, I'm
using vanilla paste so, a nice healthy spoonful
of that should do the trick.
So, I'm just going to take this off.
I'm going to put this on my stove top, and
let this come to temperature to a simmer over
about medium-low heat.
Now, while my milk mixture is coming to a
simmer, I'm going to just take my egg yolks
and sugar with a little pinch of salt, and
I"m going to whisk these together until the
mixture becomes really nice, thick and pale
in color. I'll show you what it looks like
when it gets there. Basically - essentially
what we are making right now is kind of like
a zabaglione, zabaglione is nothing but - which
I'll show you in a different recipe - is just
egg yolks, sugar, a little bit of booze, and
you are good to go!
But this needs to be whisked until it's really
light and pale, and about doubled in volume.
I'll show you what it looks like when it's
there. Keep an eye out on your milk mixture,
you do not want it to come to a boil, because
if it does, it will split and then you're
going to have to start all over and waste
all that milk and cream and vanilla. So, keep
an eye on that it should take just a coupe
of minutes and you should be done with the
egg yolk mixture as well - and you're getting
an awesome arm workout while you're at it!
My milk is at the right temperature, you can
see there are little bubbles starting to form
around the edge of the pot, which is when
I know that it's at a perfect simmer.
My egg yolk, as you can see, i'll show you
the texture - the consistency - see it kind
of falls down on a ribbon, oh that's perfect!
I'm going to temper the egg yolks by just
taking a little bit of my milk mixture, just
about a half cup or so, and this is all it's
doing is tempering the egg yolks so that they
don't get shocked when you pour them into
the pan with the hot liquid.
That's all you need to do.
I'm going to now pour my egg yolk mixture
into my pan, very simple, just making an easy,
easy and very classic ice cream custard base.
Now I'm going to - look at the color of that!
Look at that color!It just makes me so happy,
you have no idea!
Okay, I am going to just switch back to my
wooden spoon, and I'm going to cook this over
about low heat until it thickens really nicely
and it coats the back of my spoon, and I will
show you what it looks like when it's there.
Just make sure you keep this at a low heat
and take your time and be gentle, because
if this comes to a boil, or it gets too hot,
it will split. And once it splits, again,
you will know when it splits, and there is
no going back, so just take your time.
Stir it in a figure eight motion, kind of
like I am doing right now.
And then just be patient and when it gets
nice and thick, you will be able to notice
it immediately.
My custard is ready, it has been cooking for
about six minutes and you can see it is coating
the back of a spoon and if I run my finger
down and the custard stays separated, you
know it's thick enough!
Doesn't really get any easier than that! I'm
going to pass this through a sieve just in
case there are any egg shells remaining or
anything curdled, or whatever. It stays back,
and doesn't get into your final mixture.
As you can see, this is smooth sailing all
the way.
That's how I like it! That's how I like it!
Nice and smooth, there's really nothing - maybe
a little, little tiny bit of something remaining,
but for the most part everything is really
nice and smooth.
Okay, now, you need to wrap this with plastic
wrap, and you want to make sure that the plastic
is actually touching the surface of the custard,
because otherwise it just forms a really weird
looking skin that you don't want and it's
definitely not going to be smooth and delightful
once you go ahead and freeze this.
So I'm going to pop this into the fridge - it
needs to be in the fridge for about four to
six hours or best, overnight. That's even
better. If you can put this in the fridge
overnight, it's even better. I'm going to
leave this in, it's pretty early in the day
so I'll get to finish this this afternoon
and I'll show you what it looks like once
this is chilled.
We'll get going on making our cookie dough
and we'll pull the whole thing off together!
While the custard is chilling, we're going
to get going on making the cookie dough batter.
Now we're actually making a chocolate chip
cookie dough batter here, and now, if that
- chocolate chip cookie dough - if that bothers
you because none of this is going to be cooked,
so you're kind of eating raw cookie dough,
which I love and I know everyone eats raw
cookie dough at some point in their lives
- now if this bothers you, then you might
want to skip this ice cream in its entirety.
You can make my chocolate ice cream, you can
make my strawberry, mint chocolate chip, vanilla
whatever you want - I've got a ton of recipes
on my website.
But, most of the time, cookie dough ice cream
has actual cookie dough in it, and that's
what makes it so delicious.
So, we're going to make it like we would make
chocolate chip cookies, but really easy - and
to do that, you'll need some all purpose flour,
I've got a pinch of salt and I've got some
instant espresso powder here, just a small
little pinch, brown sugar, granulated sugar,
some softened unsalted butter, an egg, vanilla
extract, and what I have here are some chocolate
chips that I've pulsed in my food processor
so you can see that I've got little rubbles,
I've got some that are bigger. I've got some
that are kind of whole, and I think the thing
that I love about cookie dough ice cream is
that you actually get bits and pieces of chocolate
chips or chocolate throughout the entire ice
cream.
And I think that just by pulsing it a few
times, and breaking the pieces up a bit just
gives it a little more interest, and I think
these itty bitty, almost dust-like pieces
of the chocolate is what makes this so divine,
in my opinion.
So if you want to skip doing that part, by
all means, do that, but I think that it's
kind of crucial.
I also have a nine by thirteen inch baking
pan here, and I have a big piece of parchment
paper because you want to make sure you can
lift it up.
That's sitting aside, so let's get going,
I'm going to just cream together my butter,
and both kinds of sugar.
I'm going to do this in just a little bowl
because I don't feel like getting my mixer
out for just a small batch, so I'm just going
to mix these two together until combined.
That's looking good enough, I'm going to add
in my egg. Again, you want to make sure that
whoever you're making this for will eat raw
cookie dough. Just want to make sure you don't
have anyone that can't eat raw egg or whatnot,
just give them a heads up.
I'm going to switch to my whisk briefly, just
to mix everything together a little bit better.
Just mixing together the coffee and salt.
Now I'm not adding any leavening agents to
this - no baking soda - you don't need to,
I mean you're not baking it so it's not going
to make a difference.
I'm going to put my egg mixture in here, normally
I would put the dry into my wet, but I switched
bowls for some reason and the flour was in
the bigger bowl and I just wanted to have
plenty of room to mix this together.
And that's basically all I'm doing, I'm just
going to combine this until it forms into
a dough, and then I can add in - I can actually
add in my chocolate now because it's almost
there so I might as well because I don't want
to overwork this anyway.
Add in my chocolate chip mixture, you can
also add - take a bar of chocolate and chop
that up if you wanted to, that would be lovely,
instead of adding chocolate chips, or you
can add mini chocolate chips.
But, you see what I mean when I say that I
think that this is so much better because
that way you're really getting chocolate throughout
every little teeny tiny bite of the cookie
dough.
Otherwise, you just get chocolate chips here,
chocolate chips there, but I want chocolate
completely infused throughout the entire cookie
dough, so that's why I like to pulse it, and
it's those kinds of little things that really
make a difference, otherwise you know I would
skip it.
Okay, now I'm going to put this closer to
me, get my cookie dough out of here.
Oops!
We'll fix that in a minute, do not panic!
Talking to myself, by the way.
Now, all I'm doing - and this can be a little
bit tricky, I'm trying to get this into a
pretty thin layer because when we freeze this
and I pull this out of the freezer, we're
going to need to chop it into small pieces.
But clearly, you can see that I'm not too
worried about getting it perfect, and I don't
want you to be that worried about it either.
And it doesn't have to be all on one layer,
I'm just doing it this way because it's easier
to cut it once it's frozen.
So, just going to do that, and then I'm going
to pop this into my freezer, probably for
several hours or however long it takes for
the custard to chill.
The more frozen, the better. The easier it's
going to be for us to chop it up.
So I'm going to pop this in, looks odd now,
but trust me when I tell you, it works wonders.
Popping this in, waiting for my custard to
get nice and cool, and then we'll go on and
put it all in the little machine and get that
much closer to eating cookie dough ice cream!
My custard was in the fridge overnight, I
was going to leave it in there for a few hours,
but then we had my aunt over, and maybe a
cocktail or two, and we decided to wait until
tomorrow to have ice cream - which is good
because it's the weekend - perfect time for
entertaining and having ice cream!
Now, I have my ice cream machine here, you
want to make sure that the insert of your
ice cream machine, which is this right here,
that's going to basically freeze your ice
cream for you, is frozen.
Now, you want to always check your manufacturer's
instructions because every ice cream machine
is different from others, so mine says to
put it in there overnight, so that's what
I do, and it's really nice and frozen solid
which is really important, so make sure that
you read your instructions because some might
just need a couple of hours, but most of the
time they'll take overnight.
Now I have my really cold custard, which is
absolutely fantastic, I mean look at that!
This would be good on it's own, as-is over
top of maybe berries or whatnot.
I'm going to pour that in there.
Get it all out.
Okay, and now I'm just going to turn this
on, now again, check your manufacturer's instructions
because the time is going to vary.
Mine takes a good twenty-five to thirty minutes
to freeze the ice cream, but they're all so
different.
So, I'm going to wait for this to be pretty
much - pretty much fully frozen, and then
we'll get going on adding our cookie dough!
Alright, my ice cream is exactly where I want
it.
It's been about twenty five minutes, now I'm
going to take my cookie dough that was in
the freezer overnight as well, which is what
we want.
And this is why I do it on parchment because
it's so easy!
And now, I just take a sharp knife, and in
no particular way, I just - I'm just going
to chop this up into bite sized pieces, that
is it.
You can - you really can do this a couple
of different ways. Instead of doing it the
way I am doing it, you can take little teaspoons
of the batter - you know, once you make it
and then put it on a baking sheet lined with
parchment and freeze it that way and then
you can just put them right into your ice
cream machine.
I tend to do it this way, I don't know why,
I just think it's easier, and gets the job
done a lot faster, and you can also leave
certain pieces bigger or smaller, like that's
perfect.
Now I'm just going to go across, and just
rough chop-age on everything until you've
got about bite sized pieces.
That's it!
And I did want to mention that it sounds like
this is really hard, but it's not, it just
sounds hard because we're cutting through
chocolate.
I just wanted to mention that because as I
was doing this, I'm thinking - you know you
can hear the crunch, but the crunch is just
because we are chopping up the chocolate,
so anyway, figured I would let you guys know
that.
And now I'm just going to take these - and
you can cut these as big or as small as you
want.
And you can add as much or as little as you
want to your cookie dough batter, it's up
to you.
I'm going to add most of it, but most likely
not all of it because it's a lot, and then
we can also add some for people to serve,
you know, sprinkle on top.
Then just let them mix in as this is running.
Yeah buddy!
Now I only added about half of the chocolate
cookie dough mixture in here because I didn't
want to add too, too much because then you
can also have a hard time with your machine
being able to handle all that.
But look at this!
I mean, are you seeing what I'm seeing?!
And also, are you seeing how those little
rubbles of chocolate kind of spread all throughout
the batter?And that's from when I took the
chocolate chips and put them through the food
processor, because that's what I personally
like.
Obviously, you want big chocolate chips here
and there, but why have a little bit when
you can have chocolate throughout?
Ah, look at that, if you get up close you
can see that it's really creamy, it has those
big chunks of cookie dough.
I'm just going to make myself a little ice
cream. Okay?
Just a scoop.
Just a scoop, on a cone because I'm deserving.
Look!
Whoooaa!
Look at that!
Look at all the pieces!
Mmm.
You'll love this!
I promise you will love this.
It's so easy, tastes so much better than store
bought, I cannot stress it enough.
It's insanely easy to do, doesn't take a lot
of time, it doesn't take any fancy ingredients.
It's very basic but it's done the right way,
and you can see - I mean, it's just - it's
phenomenal.
Look at the chocolate pieces in there!
[humming]
I was trying to sing in my head, but...
LauraintheKitchen.com will have the recipe
written for you, let me know what ice cream
you want to see next.
Hope you've enjoyed spending time with me
and I'll see you next time!
Bye bye!
