https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLxiWv67tl4
Thank you for joining me here on Copycat Recipes.
Today I'm going to show
you how to make Cracker Barrel chicken tenders.
They are really easy to
make and they're going to taste just like
they do in the restaurant, and
they have just four simple ingredients in
them. Let me tell you what's in
them.
We're going to have chicken tenders in here.
Now if you don't have chicken
tenders, you can use a boneless skinless breast.
Just cut it up into strips
that are about one-inch wide and those will
be perfect. We're going to use
Italian dressing, any brand will do. Honestly,
don't spend a lot on this.
Just buy what's ever on sale. It's going to
be great.
We're also going to use a little bit of honey
and a couple of limes for a
little bit of citrus zest. We're going to
mix up the marinade. We're going
to marinade these chicken tenders for about
an hour. Then we're going to
cook them and they'll be perfect and they'll
taste just like they do in the
restaurant.
So we're going to begin by making the marinade
and this is really, really
easy to do. You are going to take one lime
and slice it, and we're just
going to go ahead and squeeze the lime into
our container. Now, I am mixing
my marinade in the same container that I'm
going to marinade the chicken
in. That way I can save a dish. Be on the
lookout for any seeds, just in
case that they come in. You're going to need
about a tablespoon of honey.
Then you're going to need about half a bottle
of the Italian dressing. This
is a 16 ounce bottle. So we're going to use
about half of this for the
marinade.
Italian dressing, you can marinade anything
in it. Vegetables, steaks, all
kinds of stuff. All right. So I'm going to
give this a quick little stir.
Then I'm going to simply put my chicken in
here. Now I have about a pound
of chicken in here. If you have a little bit
more, that'll be fine. We're
going to marinade the chicken now. Now marinade
only works for the first
time. So after we finish cooking the chicken
you need to discard the
marinade and don't use it again.
So we're going to give this a quick little
shake. Put this in the fridge
and we're going to come back in an hour and
we're going to show you how to
cook these up.
All right. So our chicken has been marinating
for just about an hour and
it's time to go ahead and cook it. Now, I'm
just using a regular skillet,
just a nice large flat bottom skillet. I'm
going to stick a little bit of
oil in the bottom of the pan. You can use
olive oil, vegetable oil, it
really doesn't matter. You want to let this
get a little bit warm. And
remember for when it comes to this chicken
marinade, don't use it again.
It's for one time only. You can see it smells
really good right now. And we
will begin cooking it in just 
a second.
Okay, so we're going to begin cooking the
chicken. Our pan is hot now. So
you're just going to shake off the marinade
here and just drop it in the
pan. You're going to need to cook these on
a medium, medium high heat for a
couple of minutes on each side. It's not going
to take any time at all.
All right, now that I've put all the chicken
in the pan, you don't want to
crowd it, you want to give it a little bit
of space so it cooks nice and
evenly. Be sure to discard the fork that you
use for the marinade and get
another one. We don't want raw chicken to
contaminate anything else, so
it's a clean fork right here. These are again,
going to take about two to
three minutes on each side and we're going
to have perfectly cooked Cracker
Barrel chicken tenders.
So you're going to know the chicken is starting
to cook, if you look on the
side of the chicken you'll see that it's starting
to turn white. This will
help you know that the chicken is actually
cooking. No one likes raw
chicken. So go ahead and make sure your chicken
is cooked thoroughly. So my
chickens not yet ready to turn over just yet.
So I'm going to put it back
down and wait another minute or so and it
should be nice and brown.
You can see this chicken is just starting
to brown nicely, so I'm going to
go ahead and flip it. Okay, you can see this
chicken is wonderfully browned
now. We're going to go ahead and take it out
of the pan here. This stuff is
great on salads. You might just want to make
some up. Serve it on a plate
with a couple of vegetables and you have dinner
that didn't take too long
at all. You could marinade this before you
leave for work or even the night
before for a little extra flavor.
And here you go. There are some wonderful
Cracker Barrel chicken tenders.
So we've just made the Cracker Barrel grilled
chicken tenders. That was
really easy. It just took four ingredients.
So please be sure to subscribe
to this channel and rate this video and leave
me a comment in the box below
and let me see what you'd like to see next.
