Hey, dudes. I'm Hilah, and today on Hilah
Cooking, I'm making Chinese egg rolls, which
might more appropriately be called Chinese-American
egg rolls because they're a complete bastardization
of original Chinese spring rolls, I'm sure.
But anyway, these are great for snacks, appetizers,
or even Easter because they're called egg
rolls. Get it? That'll really throw your guests
for a loop. They'll be like, 'What the f--
is Chinese food doing here with the ham?'
Okay. The first thing we're going to do is
make our filling. So, these have a precooked
filling that you will cook it, and then cool
it before we fill the egg rolls. I'm going
to add a little bit of oil to my pan and start
sauteing. I've got some super, very, very
finely minced celery and onion here. So, while
that's going, I've got also here about a half
a pound of ground pork. You can use ground
turkey, or you can leave out the meat completely
and add some more vegetables if you want to
also. I'm going to add to this -- This bowl,
I've got some brown sugar, some corn starch,
and some minced garlic and ginger.
So, when you add corn starch to ground meat
like this, it kind of helps lock in the moisture.
So the meat doesn't dry out, and it helps
it sort of bind together. So, it's serving
two purposes. I'm just going to mix this in
with the ground meat here. Also going to add
about a tablespoon of soy sauce to this and
some pepper. I'm going to use white pepper,
but you can use black pepper or red pepper
if you want it a little bit spicier, and a
little bit of salt also. I'm going to add
a little bit of salt to these vegetables too,
to draw some of that moisture out, to sweat
them a little bit. They'll soften up a little
quicker.
And then, just get our meat mixed up and add
that to the skillet also. Then, we just want
to stir it around, break the meat up as much
as you can, and eventually, it'll sort of
come into really, really tiny little crumbles.
So, keep an eye on that and have a brew while
you're waiting, because nothing goes with
egg rolls like beer. Right? You could also
have water, but hey. Look. Tecate Light. I'm
saving calories on my beer so that I can have
more fried egg rolls later. Beautiful.
Okay. Just a few minutes later, it looks like
this. I'm going to turn the heat off. You
just want to make sure that any big chunks
of meat are sort of broken up. You want, really,
a very fine filling for these egg rolls. Then,
transfer it to a plate. You can use a baking
sheet or something. We just want to spread
it out so that it cools off faster. If there's
any oil left in the bottom of your pan, you
can try to keep that behind. We'll use that
to cook the cabbage also. Okay. We'll set
that aside.
Then, back in the same skillet. I'm going
to add a tiny bit more oil, and we'll add
the cabbage. So, this is shredded Napa cabbage.
I just sliced it really, really finely. You
can use regular old green cabbage too. That'll
give you more sort of texture inside your
egg roll, and that's more common in restaurants.
I don't know. I had Napa cabbage. So, I'm
using Napa cabbage. Either one is fine. You
can also add bean sprouts and things like
that.
So, we're just going to saute this until the
cabbage is wilted. It shouldn't take very
long at all. Okay. So, cabbage getting nice
and wilted. We don't want to get it too soft
because you want to keep a little bit of texture,
and it'll still continue to cook, even after
you've turned the heat off. So, this looks
pretty good. The leafy parts are nice and
soft, but the stemmy parts are still a little
crispy. So, I'm going to turn that off, and
I'm going to add some water chestnuts. These
is just like -- These is just like-- A can
of water chestnuts that I drained and minced
finely.
And then, I'm also going to add some mushrooms.
These are dried Shiitake mushrooms that I've
just had soaking in water for about an hour.
Wood ear mushrooms are, like those black ones
that are really firm, are also commonly used
in egg rolls. These are a little bit easier
to find, usually. So, squeeze the water out.
Then, I'm just going to mince up these mushrooms
too. And then, finally to this, I'm going
to add a tablespoon of regular, all purpose
flour and mix that in. That's just going to
help the filling stay kind of firm. As it
cools, it'll thicken it up. So, it'll sort
of make a mass that you can form into little
egg rolls.
I'm going to spread this out on top of the
meat mix. Then, we'll just put this whole
thing in the fridge and let it get super chilled.
You can make the filling a day ahead of time,
even two days ahead of time, which is muy
excelente when you've had a lot of brews.
Okay. Time to roll these mofos. This is just
about half the mixture. It's cooled off totally.
These are my egg roll wrappers. You can find
these in the frozen section, usually, of pretty
much any major grocery store. You just want
to thaw them out, and then keep the rest of
them covered while you're rolling them so
they don't dry out. It dries out pretty quickly.
So, there's two here. God damn it. They stick
together. Stick together like a hand in glove.
These egg roll wrappers are the best of friends.
Okay. It's going on my album, guys. Stay tuned.
Stay iTuned. Just kidding. Okay.
So, you want to get a big spoonful, maybe
like a quarter cup or so of your mixture.
Put it pretty much right in the center, maybe
a little bit below the center, but pretty
much just right on, bros. And then, roll the
bottom up. What I like to do is kind of take
it over, and then pull it back. Did you see
how I did that? Did you see how I did that?
So that it gets a nice little tight log. Fold
this side over. Fold this side over. Then,
in this little bowl, I've got just a mixture
of plain flour and water, about equal parts,
maybe a little bit more water. It's not important
really. Just use your finger to go. I like
to sort of get these sides here, like the
envelope sides, and then the little point
also. This is going to kind of glue it together.
Then, just roll it over like that. Just like
that. Make sure that you have enough in that
little tippy tip.
There we go. So then, we want to set this
aside, seam side down on a plate. You can
make these and let them sit for maybe, like,
ten or 15 minutes tops. But eventually, and
pretty quickly, the filling, the liquid in
the filling and the oil in the filling is
going to kind of soak through the wrapper.
So, you can't really make them really ahead
of time. But like I said, you can make the
filling ahead of time. Then, just roll up
a few. Then, as you're frying the first batch,
you or someone else, ideally you have a little
helper, a little kitchen elf, will be rolling
the next batch. So, it's kind of a fun thing
to do if you have friends that like to cook,
to have them over, and let's all make egg
rolls together. You can make some different
fillings. You can put shrimp in them, or you
could make vegetarian ones. You could put
carrots in them. You could put whatever in
them. Good.
So, I'm going to roll up about six of these
while I start heating up my oil. I've got
some peanut oil in the skillet, just three-quarters
of an inch or so, to about 365 degrees Fahrenheit.
Catch you on the flip side. Wait. There we
go. Cowabunga. Once your oil is around 365,
you want to carefully fry your egg rolls in
small batches for one to two minutes on each
side, until golden brown. Now, we're talking.
Be careful not to fry too many at once because
the temperature will drop, and you'll end
up with greasy egg rolls. You'll also run
the risk of over boiling your oil. Drain your
egg rolls. Then, I like to put them in a bowl
that's lined with a paper towel, sort of upright,
so that the excess oil can drip off. They
actually stay pretty warm this way.
Egg rolls are done. What time is it? It's
egg roll time. What time is it? It's time
for egg rolls. Those don't rhyme. So, I've
got here some oriental hot mustard powder.
You can find this in spice areas. Daisy, quit
being such a bitch. You just mix up the powder
with water to the desired consistency. I like
mine a little bit thin so that it's good for
dipping. Then, I've also got some sweet chili
sauce. So, if you like this egg roll recipe,
also check out my chimichangas for another
delicious fried treat with a Mexican twist.
I also did fresh spring rolls recipe a couple
years ago that aren't fried, and they're way
healthier and almost as delicious.
With that said, let's give this a taste. I
like this hot mustard. It's going to clear
out my allergies. It's a fine crunchy egg
roll. There you go. I hope you like this egg
roll recipe. I hope you give it a shot.
If you want printable recipes, they're always
available at Hilahcooking.com. That's also
the best place to reach me if you have an
important question about a recipe, because
I will be sure to see those questions. Visit
me on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram. I'm all
over the place y'all. I own the Internet.
I'm inside the Internet. Bye.
Baby, do you want some egg roll? You like
crunchies? Good catch, girl. Daisy's really
good at catching stuff. You're so smart and
clever. I love you. That's probably enough
fried things.
