Hey dudes, I'm Hilah and today I'm Hilah cooking
and remaking the second
recipe video I ever did. That is Fish Tacos.
Can you believe it's been that
long since I ate some Fish Tacos? I mean,
come on.
So, this is a great summertime recipe. It
comes together in a cinch. It's
nice. It's refreshing. It's light so that
you can keep your beach body
figure. It's totally working on me. So I'm
really excited to share it with
you, especially because that old video, the
sound was totally f'ed up,
dudes.
Time to get hoppin' on the Fish Taco toppin'.
Taco Toppin' was actually the
old Aztec name for this. So I'm going to update
my slaw a little bit. I've
got some green cabbage that I shredded up,
some white onion that sliced,
and some jicama. So this is a root. It's starchy.
It has a texture like a
raw potato, but it's sweet like an apple and
mild. So it adds a nice little
flavor to the slaw. I've got that in there.
And then I'm going to add some
salt.
This is a super duper simple coleslaw recipe.
All we're going to use is
salt and lime juice to get it softened up
to get that cabbage releasing
some water, and get it nice and tender so
we can eat it raw. Everyone's on
this raw diet thing. Whatever. But some raw
vegetables obviously are good
for you. Like salad. Like celery sticks. Like
carrot sticks.
So that's about a teaspoon of salt. I'll get
that tossed around with my
tongs. You could use your hands also, nature's
tongs. Use a bigger bowl
than I did so you don't have to worry about
it flopping out everywhere. So
salt's coating everything.
Now we're just going to squeeze in some lime
juice. And if you are be
stricken by horribly high lime prices, you
can use some lemon juice. Just
don't tell anyone. I really expected more
juice from that lime, since I
paid 33 cents for it. Hopefully that was close
to two tablespoons. We'll
get that tossed around. Toss that salad. And
then I'm going to add some
cilantro, or fresh coriander, if you are British.
And I don't bother
pulling off the stems for cilantro. I just
chop it up really really fine
because there's a lot of flavor in the stems
actually.
So I can see with my little eyes that the
cabbage has already started to
soften up just with that little bit of motion
in the ocean, so I'm just
going to set this aside and work on some other
stuff and just leave it at
room temperature, and I'll show you what it
looks like when we're done.
You'll be amazed. You'll be like wow, you're
a genius.
For the mayonnaise sauce, this is an update,
I've got some mayonnaise here.
I'm going to add some minced chipotle peppers.
So chipotle and adobo, they
come in a little can, it's a dollar, and it's
the adobo sauce that's sweet
and slightly vinegary, but mostly sweet. And
hot. There's smoked jalapeno
peppers, and then they're put in this adobo
sauce. So whenever I get a jar
home, I like to transfer it into a jar and
keep it in the fridge, and then
they'll stay like that forever.
So they're pretty spicy. I'm going to start
with half of one and just mince
it up, and it pretty much just turns into
a paste as you're mincing it. I'm
just going to put all of it in there. I like
it spicy. All minced up, it's
about a tablespoon of chipotle in adobo. Plop
that in with some mayonnaise.
Lick your finger, because who cares. I'm only
cooking for myself and this
guy, and he doesn't give a sh**.
I'm going to add some lime juice. So about
a tablespoon of that. And I'm
going to add a little bit of malt vinegar,
which is really really good on
fried fish. It smells vinegary, but it's nutty
and sweet. Anyway, if you
can't find this, then you can just add some
more lime juice. It's just
going to add some more tartness. But also
it's nice because of the whole
fish connection. Then we're going to mix this
up.
So the sourness of the vinegar and the lime
juice should balance out the
heat of the chipotle pretty well, but if it's
a little bit too spicy for
you, I would recommend that you add a little
bit of honey or sugar to
temper that heat a little bit. But this tastes
pretty good to me. Thumbs
up.
So we'll just set this aside and start working
on the fish. So, I haven't
changed anything from the original recipe
as far as the seasoning and the
spices that I'm putting on it. So the two
main things here are some cumin
seeds and some anise. This is not star anise.
It's just anise seed. And it
has a licoricey fennely flavor. If you can't
find it you can leave it out,
but it goes really really nicely with fish.
And then whole cumin seed. So
those two.
And some chili powder. And when I say chili
powder, me, personally, I just
mean ground up ancho chilies, or ground up
New Mexico chilies. I don't mean
commercial brand of chili powder that has
garlic salt and all that stuff
mixed into it, although if that's what you
can find, and that's what you
have in your pantry, that is totally totally
fine. Please don't worry about
it.
A little mortar and pestle. You can use pre-ground
spices if you want, but
you know me, I like to make things hard on
myself. So put our whole spices
in and crush them up. Good. And then I'm going
to add my chili powder. It's
already ground. And salt and pepper. What's
life without salt and pepper.
You wouldn't have that song, Push It, for
one thing. Mixed up.
Now for the breading part, I'm just using
some cornmeal. If you are in
another country that's not the best country
in the world, America. If you
are in another country and you don't have
cornmeal, you can use fine
polenta. It's basically the same thing. We're
going to add this to that,
and mix it around. It's combined.
Now we're going to do the fish. So, I do the
fish last so I don't have to
wash my cutting board between. I'm not getting
raw fish juice on things.
I'm using some wild snapper, but you can use
pretty much any lightish fish.
You could probably use salmon or something
like that too. Any old kind of
fish that you like. And I asked the fish monger
if he could skin it for me,
so these are skinless and boneless. So, I'm
just going to cut them into
pieces, maybe an inch wide by however long
it is, so that usually ends up
being about the right size to go into a taco.
So you got your fish chunks. Now we're just
going to toss them around in
this cornmeal mixture just to coat it. We
don't really need anything to
help adhere the cornmeal, just the moisture
from the fish will keep it on
there. And you can do this fish coating part
ahead of time too and just
cover them and leave them in the fridge up
to a couple hours and then it'll
help the coating stick on better too. But
you can leave them sit for
awhile.
So the fish is all coated. I'm just going
to let it sit here in my little
dish for just as long as it takes to heat
up a skillet with some oil in it
and then we'll get to fry in the fish. Fish
fry party. So you want to heat
your pan up over medium, or medium high heat,
and then add maybe two
tablespoons of canola oil or corn oil or peanut
oil, something neutral,
with a high smoke point. Swirl it around like
a lava lamp. Don't get all
high and get distracted.
And then you want to cook your fish in two
batches. Cook the smaller pieces
with the smaller pieces and the bigger ones
with the bigger ones. And when
you lay it in the hot oil, lay it away from
you, just in case, so you don't
splatter hot oil on your beautiful face and
make Jesus very sad. So they'll
probably just take about two to three minutes
on each side depending on the
size.
And with thicker filets like this snapper,
you might need to do more than
just two sides and go ahead and get the sides,
sides cooked as well. Once
they're nice and brown on every side we can
take them out. And when you
break one open the inside should be flaky,
like that.
And these are super duper hot right now so
you want to let them cool off
for a few minutes, and while that's happening
we can heat up our tortillas.
Put some of that on there. Some of our chipotle
mayo sauce.
So if you're interested, be sure to check
out the original Fish Taco video
for some really hilarious Fish Taco jokes.
And also make sure to check out
HilahCooking.com for this printable recipe
and all of my recipes. And if
you make this, please tag me on Instagram
or Twitter and send me a picture,
because I'd love to see that.
Look at that. It's so gorgeous. So colorful.
I did it again. You're
welcome. Thank you for watching. Have a great
day. Bye.
