https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFs5PSdZ7u0
Hey Dudes I'm Hilah and today on Hilah Cooking,
look, I'm in a brand new
kitchen. So long orange countertops. Hello,
a brand new house with white
cabinets and lots of natural light and looks
like rich people live here.
So, I'm going to make some Greek Pasta Salad
today. This is a great thing
for all your summer time potlucks. Fathers
Day is coming up might be a
nice thing to take out for that and then after
we make the recipe, I'm
going to give you a tour of our new house
and tell you a little bit about
this watermelon that I ate.
The first thing for the pasta salad is we
need to cook some pasta and now,
one thing I've been meaning to talk to you
all about, I've got about a
quart of water almost to a boil here. You
really don't need to use like
six quarts of water when you're making pasta.
I wrote a big thing about
water conservation on my website. If you want
to go read some tips about
how to save water because it's our most precious
natural resource. I said
that sarcastically but I mean it so, anyway,
you need about a quart of
water to cook two cups of pasta or 1/2 a pound
which is what we're going to
do now.
The reason that people tell you to use a whole
sh** ton of water like that
is so that the pasta doesn't stick together
but as long as you're kind of
standing here for the first minute or so while
the pasta goes in and you
can kind of stir it around a little bit and
then it's not going to stick
together.
So I'm going to add some salt to my water.
So, you basically just want to
stir until it comes back to a boil which will
take 30 seconds to a minute
so you can put the lid back on for maybe 10
or 15 seconds to help it come
back to a boil faster but don't walk off because
it will boil over if you
do that. So, once it's boiling and you want
to set the timer. My pasta
package said 9 to 11 minutes. I'm going to
split the difference which is
ten and then subtract two, so I'm going to
set it for eight minutes. I did
it.
So, I've got my green beans while that's boiling,
I'm going to go ahead...
you want to snap the little stem ends off
these and I don't bother like
snapping off the little string ends because
I think they're kind of cute.
So, once you've got all your green beans snapped.
Just chop them all into
about one inch lengths. I'm going to set them
in this little bowl. Get
them the hell out of my way.
Once our time goes off which is just in about
two minutes, I'm going to add
the green beans and then let the pasta and
green beans boil together for
the last two minutes. That's going to sort
of blanch the green beans and
let the pasta finish cooking.
Then you just want to drain the pasta and
the green beans and give them a
quick rinse with some cold water You're not
really trying to cool them off
so much as you are trying to rinse off some
excess starch so that they
don't stick together. We're just going to
leave those draining in the sink
while I get the other stuff prepped up so
I've got some fresh parsley.
I'm not going to be too anal about like not
leaving any stems behind. No
stem left behind. Just sort of pull off the
big leaves and we're going to
give it a rough chop. So, just sort of wad
it up into a little ball and
don't cut your fingers, and then I've got
some Kalamata olives and I've
already chopped up some sweet peppers and
some tomatoes here, as you can
see, You can buy presliced Kalamata olives
but I find that they get a
little bit mushy so I like to buy the ones
that are just pitted and whole
and then I'm just going to cut them in half.
Yeah, let's just cut them in
half. That's easier for everyone.
So then, we're going to work on the dressing
so that's going to require a
clove of garlic. Just get it minced up then
in a bowl here I'm going to
put this garlic. See if I can do this. This
is stupid. Ta-da. So I've
got my garlic in a large bowl, I'm going to
add olive oil. About two
tablespoons of that and then I'm going to
add some white wine vinegar.
You can use red wine vinegar. You can use
cider vinegar. So I'm going to
add a couple of tablespoons to this and traditional
vinaigrette is three
parts oil to one part acid like vinegar or
lemon juice. I like mine a
little bit more forceful. I like my vinaigrette
to really take control so
I'm going to do one to one ratio but feel
free to adjust it a little bit
according to your taste.
Get that kind of mixed up then some black
pepper of course and some salt
and the real kicker here, some oregano and
that's what makes it Greek. I'm
going to add a whole teaspoon. Get that mixed
up. Now let me go grab the
pasta, just dump that on in. I'm going to
use a wooden spoon so I don't
hurt you're delicate ears. Sweet viewers.
So I toss this all around then we can add
our other vegetables and whatever
else you want to add to this. Cucumbers may
be good too. Red onion,
whatever. Have a pasta party.
So this is why too, when you're making pasta
for pasta salad you want to
undercook it just a tiny bit, take it off
the heat just moments before it
would be tender enough to serve hot because
then once you cool it off and
mix it with your vinaigrette it's going to
absorb some of that vinaigrette
and it makes it way delicious if it has some
room to absorb some of that.
Also, it would be really soggy if you cooked
it completely before you did
that.
So then once everything is mixed up together,
cooled off, then we're going
to add the last ingredient which you can totally
omit if you are a vegan or
you are some parmesan cheese instead too and
that's some crumbled feta
cheese. Just a little bit, couple of tablespoons
there we have it. We're
done.
So, you could serve this right now at room
temperature or you could
refrigerate. It lasts in the fridge for couple
of days. Let me get a fork
because I'm going to eat it. So if you like
this recipe I also did a potato
salad last year so that's also really great.
I did coleslaw, like a
vinaigrette coleslaw that's also good because
it doesn't have mayonnaise so
like if it's sitting out in the sun, it's
not going to get all poisonous on
you, kill your children.
Da**it, that is good. Good as hell and I hope
you try it. Okay, than
there you go. Thank you so much for watching.
Printable Recipes are
always at hilahcooking.com. But, hey, guess
what, remember what I told you?
House tour time. I'm going to take this pasta
and show you around the
house. Let's go.
Here's the kitchen pretty much saw that already.
Okay then after the
kitchen there is this sort of nook, we've
got our bar, some booze in it,
some random sh** that we haven't figured out
what to do with and then all
of my cookbook collection. You want to see
my favorite cookbook? It's
this one. It's the one I wrote. Okay, then
here's the living room. More
books, some other artwork we don't know what
to do with and then look.
World's largest dog bed.
The dogs really enjoy this couch. Chris and
I usually just end up sitting
on the floor because they are such space hogs.
Just kidding. We all cuddle
together and it's really cute.
Okay and here we went from about 1700 square
feet to about 1200 square feet
which is a way more manageable number, I think.
Bathroom, so we're selling
our old place and we're just renting this
place.
This is the baby room. Guess what, guys? I
lied, I did not eat a
watermelon. I'm having a baby because I had
sex. Okay, so having sex
makes you have a baby. So kids, listen up.
We're having a boy.
Fortunately, the room was already painted
this nice turquoise color and had
these window treatments that totally matched
our Pee Wee Herman poster.
Oh, also, the landlady left the crib for us.
So we were like, "Dude, free
crib." We have to get this place.
And, oh, prenatal yoga bolsters. We're going
to be doing so prenatal yoga
that.
Okay, this is where the magic happens. This
is where the baby got made.
Not in this room but on this bed This is also
where Daisy can often be
found and this is why, got wooden floors and
we had to get rug over here so
that Daisy could get some traction so she
could jump up on the bed in the
morning and wake us up. She was just slipping
and sliding. It was so sad
and cute.
Okay, so let's go look at the back yard and
see if we can see the dogs
doing something cute. Look how big my butt's
getting. Guys. "Boom, boom,
boom." Looks like a Godzilla butt. Well, that
rug is slippery. Be
careful. Oh yeah, so it's got a big old deck.
Hey guys and it came with a
swing set. Guys go be cute for the camera.
Go run around and play.
So yeah, basically, there's our new house.
We moved because we're having a
baby and I wanted a nicer neighborhood that
we could like walk around in so
this is really good. We're still in Austin
but its way more central and
there's like parks and little shops we can
walk to, so I don't have to load
up the car every time I want to take the baby
somewhere and it came with a
swing set and a crib. So how can we say, no.
Okay, that's it. New house new kitchen baby
stuff. If you want to follow
along on my maternal journey. My "ma-journey."
You can go subscribe to
Hilahtalking. I'll, post some updates over
there and thanks so much for
watching I'll see you guys later hope you
try the pasta salad. I know the
dogs like it. I do too.
