https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wzOj6YUpHE
Hi, I'm Eugenie. 
Today I'm making watermelon cookies. 
Those cookies are really easier than you think and it takes only several everyday ingredients. 
It's basically a French biscuit sable recipe which is a slightly modified version of my French coffee sables.
First, in a mixing bowl, I will add in ½ cup of softened unsalted butter 
and 1/3 cup of granulated sugar. 
And whisk until light and fluffy. 
And add in 1 egg yolk. Remaining egg white will be used later. 
And add in ½ teaspoon of pure vanilla extract and a generous pinch of salt. 
And whisk until homogenous. 
Now sift in 1 and ¼ cups of all-purpose flour and fold until combined.
Now divide the batter into half.  
First I will make red dough by adding some red food color and kneading. 
This method is called 'fraiser' and you can mix without making the dough too tough with this method. 
And make a 2 inch diameter cylinder and cover with plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator.
Then take out half of the remaining vanilla dough and cover with plastic wrap. 
Then roll out. 
And chill in the refrigerator.
And with the remaining dough make a green dough. 
Today I'm using both matcha, Japanese green tea powder, and green food color. 
And again I will knead until homogenous and cover with plastic wrap. 
Then roll out. And chill in the refrigerator.
Now bring red dough and vanilla dough to working surface. 
Measure the size of the red cylinder and cut out the sides of the vanilla dough 
and roll out to lengthen it. 
And place the red cylinder over it and carefully roll up like a yoga mat. 
Now cut off the surplus vanilla dough. 
Repeat with the green. 
By the way the cookie dough should be cooled a little before rolling, otherwise the dough will be too soft and won't hold the shape well.
Now cover the dough with plastic wrap and rest in the refrigerator for about 2 hours.
Now make a colored sugar. 
In a plastic bag, add in a little bit of green food color and spread with fingers to avoid any green color lumps.
And add in sugar and mix well until homogenous. 
This is a simple way to make colored sugar at home. 
And make a sugar bed. 
Then break one egg white and brush on the cookie dough. 
And roll the dough over sugar bed. French sable cookies need sugar decoration.
And slice the dough half inch thick. And arrange the disks on a cookie pan. 
And decorate with toasted black sesame seeds. 
I love the mixed flavor of green tea and sesame seeds. 
But if you don't have sesame seeds, use mini chocolate chips. 
Again I will chill the pan in the refrigerator for about 20 minutes 
and then bake in the oven preheated to 350 degrees F. (175 C) for about 10-12 minutes.
Out of oven immediately cut the cookies in half and let cool for 5 minutes. 
Then transfer to a wire rack.
Voila! Watermelon cookies. 
They are so so cute! I love them. 
It's French sable cookie style, so there are little cracks. 
Bon appetit. My dad really like sable cookies and I also love those crumbly biscuit sables!
You can find all the cookie recipes in my playlist. 
And don't forget to check out my summer giveaways: Nespresso Espresso Maker video contest and a blender for ice blending Twitter giveaway. 
The links are in description box below.
Thank you for watching. Bye for now.
