https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDK-ZtF7-hk
Hi, I’m Eugenie. 
Today I’m so excited because I’m making a delicious dish, Jjangjangmyun, 
which is one of the most popular Korean dishes. 
It’s a Koeanized Chinese dish. 
For this recipe you will need: 
pork, black bean paste, potato, onion, zucchini, vegetable oil, sugar, 
cornstarch or potato starch, minced garlic, and oyster sauce.
First, heat a large deep frying pan over medium high heat.
And add in 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil, 
today I’m using grape seed oil.
And add in 2 garlic cloves, minced. 
Then add in 5 ounces of pork. 
Normally pork is used for jjajangmyun, and I am using pork tender-loin. 
And season with salt and pepper. 
And cook for about 4 minutes. 
Then add in 1 medium potato, diced. 
I’m adding in potato first because it should be cooked thoroughly. 
And cook for about 3 minutes. 
And 1 medium onions, roughly chopped. 
I know it’s a lot of onion. 
Jjangjangmyun at restaurants has a lot of onions. But of course adjust the amount as you like.
And 1/3 medium zucchini, diced.
Then stir fry for another 3 minutes. 
And make a hole in the center of the frying pan. 
And I will add in 3 tablespoons of chunjang, black bean paste.
Without black bean paste, you cannot make jjajangmyon.
3 tablespoons.
And 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil and 1 tablespoon of sugar. 
And stir to fry making a little circle for about 2 minutes. 
This is very important because Jjangjang means fried sauce in Chinese.
And mix all together until the veggies are well covered. 
Hm, it smells good. The fried sauce.
Then add in 1 and 1/3 cups of water and 2 teaspoons of oyster sauce. 
Oyster sauce will give rich flavor to jjajang.
And bring it to a boil.
And in a cup, 
add in 2 tablespoons of cornstarch 
and the 2 tablespoons of water 
and mix all togther until well mixed.
Don’t add the cornstarch directly to the pan, it won’t dissolve very well.
Ok,
Now add in the boiling jjajang sauce.
And bring it to a boil 
And reduce the heat and simmer until the sauce is thickened.
And now for the noodle.
Cook fresh noodle according to the package directions. 
Any noodles will do but fresh Chinese style noodle is the best for Jjangjangmyun. 
And if you want Jjangjangbop, just serve with rice instead of noodle. 
And drain the noodle and wash with cold water. 
Be careful because it’s very hot.
Voila! And sauce. Jjajangmyon. The noodle with hot jjajang sauce. 
Jjajangmyon is better with cucumber, danmuji, onions, and vinegar.
Bon appetit. 
This is why I love fresh noodle.
And black bean sauce is really intense and bold.
This is absolutely a must dish for Korean food lovers and curious people.
And I have many delicious Korean recipes in my “foods in Korea” playlist. 
Thank you for watching. See you soon. Bye.
