https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwtkD_4-WB4
This is Stephanie Manley with copykat.com.
I'm going to show you how you
can make a baked potato that's just like the
Outback Steakhouse, with that
wonderful salty crust on the outside, so let's
get started and solve this
mystery.
We're going to start out with baked potatoes,
now use as many as you like.
Now I'm using some that are roughly the size
of my hand. I'm guessing
that's about a half pound. You're going to
need some kosher salt, which you
can buy at your regular grocery store. If
you haven't tried it, it's a
great ingredient to use for salt, lots of
flavor.
We're going to use a vegetable oil. It doesn't
matter. You can use just
vegetable oil, sunflower, safflower, corn
oil. I would stay away from olive
oil and peanut oil, simply because I think
that can add a little extra
flavor that I'm not quite looking for here.
Now you don't need to pierce your baked potato
with a fork or a knife or
anything. You're just going to dip a paper
towel into a small container and
just rub the whole potato down with oil. We're
doing this so the salt
crust will stick on it, and this does another
thing, as well.
It keeps the potato nice and light and fluffy
in the inside, because we're
not losing any of the potato's natural water,
so it really works out well.
So by now you've preheated your oven to about
350 degrees. It's heating
away and it's getting ready for us.
The next thing we're going to do is we're
just sprinkle on some salt. Now
we're not going to wrap these in foil, because
this could knock off a
little bit of the salt, so that's it. We're
just going to sprinkle it with
salt. Then we're going to pop it into our
350 degree oven.
I'm going to bake these until they're done,
and for me that takes about an
hour, so probably close to an hour for you
as well. Go head, put these in
the oven, and then take them back out. Let
them cool for a little bit, but
you can see the salty crust has remained.
These are wonderful, light, and fluffy on
the inside, so I want to show you
what this looks like a little bit closer.
How fabulous is that? That's
perfect. I love the underside, because it
browns just a little bit. It gets
a little big crispy on the bottom. I don't
think there's anything much
better than that.
So here we go, here's our baked potato. I'm
going to go ahead and cut this
open. You can see again, the salt stays right
on the top, to make it so
delicious. Now I'm going to ahead and prepare
this baked potato. Now of
course, it's still screaming hot, so use a
towel. Use something other than
your fingers at this point, because burning
yourself before dinner is never
fun.
What comes next? Well, of course, we're going
to top our baked potato with
our favorite ingredients of our choice. I'm
a butter and sour cream, kind
of girl, but as you can see these are really
easy to do. You just need a
baked potato, a little bit of vegetable oil.
Again, your choice is fine,
and some kosher salt.
That's like the potato, the non-negotiable
ingredient, and we're going to
bake these. They take about an hour in a 350
degree oven and that's it. How
wonderful is that? So here we go, we're topping
our baked potato with a
little bit of butter, sour cream, and chives,
and that's how you can make a
baked potato, just like they do at the Outback
Steakhouse. Don't forget to
subscribe to the You Channel, so you can see
more Copy Kat recipes.
