https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aR9xELaq9UE
This is Stephanie Manley with copykat.com.
Today I am going to show you how
you can make Ro-Tel Cheese Dip in two different
ways. This is one of my
favorite party foods to make. It is easy and
tastes great. Again, I said
this is easy. This only has two ingredients;
the first being Velveeta
cheese and the next being a can of Ro-Tel
tomatoes.
Now the ratio is easy, easy to remember, it's
one pound of Velveeta cheese
to one can of Ro-Tel tomatoes. Now I like
to heat mine up on the stove,
just because I think it's easier than pulling
it in and out of the
microwave, and stirring it and trying to make
sure it's all perfectly
melted.
This takes only about three to five minutes,
and you will have some
perfectly made Ro-Tel dip. So again, there
it was. That took me about three
to five minutes to make, and now I'm going
to spoon this up and put it in a
dish and get it ready.
So but you know what? While this is really
good, we can make this Ro-Tel
Cheese Dip better. So I'm going to show you
how you can jazz up your Ro-Tel
cheese dip; sausage. You're going to brown
a pound of sausage, so go ahead,
and cook that thoroughly, because we are going
to put this into our cheese
sauce, so you want to make sure it is completely
browned all the way
through.
So again, I'm starting out with that same
pot of Ro-Tel dip and that is one
pound of Velveeta to two cans of Ro-Tel. I'm
adding in sour cream, cream
cheese and the next ingredient I am going
to add in is that sausage. That
cooked sausage is going to go in here, as
well.
Now for the exact ingredients and recipe,
please go to my website. It's
there I list it for you. A little bit of garlic
powder, and then I'm going
to go ahead and stir this together a little
bit, before I put in my pickled
jalapeno slices.
I like to use the pickled ones, simply because
they're not as raw-tasting,
and I think the heat's a little bit more consistent.
So if you like your
cheese dip a little spicier, hey, add some
more or even add some of that
jalapeno pickle juice. You can see how that's
rich and creamy and full of
goodies, so hey, there's Ro-Tel Cheese Dip
two different ways. And for more
great recipes, go to copykat.com.
