https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1BcYmNA27k
Hi guys! I'm Laura Vitale and on this episode
of Laura in the Kitchen, I want to share with
you, a treat that I like to call my S'mores
cookie cups!
Now, I know they sound really fancy, but they
could not be easier and they are like the
perfect treat if you love s'mores but you
don't want to have a camp fire or have a big
elaborate fire outside and all that. These
are easy to make and are absolutely delicious!
The ingredients you'll need are very few and
basic - and very simple ones especially if
you love to make s'mores, you might already
have these ingredients on hand, so let me
take you over them to get started!
You'll need some all purpose flour, baking
soda, some salt, some ground graham crackers,
I've got granulated sugar, brown sugar, some
unsalted butter that's really softened at
room temperature. I've got little Hershey's
bars, this was just little bars this size
that I just cut up into little squares. And
then I have some shredded chocolate which
I'll talk about in a minute, an egg, mini
marshmallows, and vanilla extract.
And that is it! Couldn't be any easier. Now
what did - I took a bunch of these little
Hershey's bars and I just separated them because
I needed like 48 little pieces. And then I
took some - because I need about 1/4 cup of
grated chocolate - and I just took a Microplane,
you can use your box grater or anything that's
not as fine as a zester, and I just grate
it just like that. And I need about a quarter
cup so I'll leave the rest as my little treat.
Now, the first thing you want to do is get
your oven preheated to 375F, what I have here
is a mini muffin tin that I have greased with
some non-stick cooking spray, and you want
to get that out of the way.
And I'm just going to make everything in my
standing mixer just because it makes my life
a lot easier!
Now, in this bowl I"m going to add in my butter
that's borderline melted because I have had
it on the stove while the oven was preheating,
so it started to melt a little bit, but that's
perfectly fine.
Both kinds of sugar.
And I'm just going to cream them together
just so that the sugar is well combined with
the butter.
That's looking great! I am just going to scrape
down the paddle attachment and just the side
of the bowl - side of the bowl, just because
I want to make sure everything is incorporated.
I'm adding in my egg and a good splash of
vanilla extract and then I'm just going to
mix this together until everything is combined.
Now what I did - I took some graham crackers
and I just pulsed them really well in my food
processor until it was like a fine powder
- that's what I want. So that's what I have
here and I"m just going to take a spoon and
mix all my dry ingredients together just to
give them a head start.
It doesn't have to be perfect because it's
all going to get mixed up anyway.
I'm just going to babysit this and get it
to - till it's nice and creamy and then we'll
add in our dry ingredients!
Perfect!
Let's give it a little scrape-a-roo. And now
we are just going to add in our dry ingredients.
Very simple, kind of like you are making a
chocolate chip cookie, minus the chocolate
chips.
I'm just going to add my dry ingredients and
the grated chocolate, now you can totally
omit the grated chocolate if you want to but
it makes a difference!
And why you'd want to skip on chocolate is
beyond me - but you can omit it if you want
to.
Just going to let this mix until you - until
your dough comes together and then we'll be
ready to get these babies in the oven!
That is exactly what I am looking for.
It's at the right consistency for moi!
Now, I'm just going to take that out, I love
how it comes out really nice and clean and
effortless - which I love.
Push this baby out of the way.
And now, you can use a tablespoon, or I'm
just going to use an ice cream scoop - my
little handy dandy ice cream scoop that's
about the size of a tablespoon and I am just
going to take that and pop that into each
little muffin cup.
And once you have them all scooped out, you
just roll them in your hands so that they're
sort of into a nice neat ball, and then you
put then in your muffin tin.
Now, as you can see, I'm sort of pressing
them down. You can use whatever you want to
make an indent.
A rolling pin is not only my nonna's favorite
weapon, but it's also multipurpose in the
kitchen.
Haha!
The end of this rolling pin just works perfectly
for this - and I've made so many different
kinds of cookie cups, I make Nutella, I make
Oreo, I make pudding cookie cups - you name
it! And if you would like to see them, comment
down below.
But this works perfectly, so I just take the
end of my rolling pin and I just sort of press
it right in the middle and wiggle it around,
and you can see it makes the perfect indent.
I'm just going to continue to do that.
All around..
Perfect!
Now, I'm going to pop these babies into my
oven that's been preheated to 375F, and they'll
be in there for about 7-8 minutes or until
the edges start to get a lovely golden brown
color and when they come out, I'll show you
what to do next.
My little cups were in the oven for about
9 minutes and now when they come out, the
middle kind of looks a little bit puffed up,
but what you do is you take the end of your
rolling pin or your spoon or whatever you're
using, and then you just reinforce that indent
that we made. So, we have those done.
These just came out of the oven, now what
I've done is I've turned my oven onto broil,
because I no longer need my oven on, I need
the broiler on. And I take a little piece
of chocolate - this is optional, but you know
- I love chocolate.
And then I take a little tiny piece - I usually
cut the little square in half - and then I
put that in the very bottom of each one.
Okay, now that you have that, you can add
a couple of marshmallows into each one.
I'm going to do, probably three or four marshmallows,
depending on how many I can fit.
I do like me some marshmallows though, so
I'm probably going to try and do 4 in each
one. Some might only be able to do 3 - yeah
because they are going to puff up as they
bake, so let's just do 3.
I'll behave.
Now, I'm going to pop this under the broiler
and just broil them long enough for the top
of the marshmallows to look like a light golden
brown color, and they do puff up a little
bit, only keep them in there for like a minute,
keep your eye on them because they can go
from perfect to burned in a second! So, about
a minute should do the job, but just keep
your eye on them.
They look perfect!
Now you can leave them as-is because you do
have the chocolate on the bottom. But, I mean,
well, you know.
I just like a little tiny bit on the top.
Just so that it says the little Hershey logo,
that way you can tell it's kind of a s'more.
Once you have your little square of chocolate
on top of each one, allow it to sit for about
5 minutes. What happens is the heat from the
marshmallow starts to beautifully melt the
chocolate but yet the little piece of chocolate
stays in the same shape. But watch!
I'm going to take one out.
I'll use this one - comes out absolutely beautiful.
Look how beautiful, lightly golden that is.
But watch this.
You see how the chocolate is actually beautifully
soft?
Uh huh! Uh huh!
I know!
But it still looks like a bar of chocolate
on top, right?
I mean come on!
Mhmm Mhmm!!
I want you to see the layers.
The chocolate at the bottom, marshmallow,
the beautiful chocolate on top.
Just incredible base.
I quit!
I quit! ha!
I don't quit, I'm only kidding!
These are phenomenal. Such a cute little twist
on a classic s'more. I would absolutely love
for you to recreate this recipe and share
a picture with me on instagram, facebook,
twitter, whatever you prefer!
Nothing brings me more joy than seeing you
recreate the recipe, I hope you have enjoyed
spending time with me and I'll tell you what,
these will be the star of your next cookout
if you make these for dessert.
And the coolest thing about them in my opinion,
is that the top - it looks like a bar of chocolate
but it's melted and gooey and delicious.
Just do it.
Go to LauraintheKitchen.com to get the recipe,
hope you have enjoyed spending time with me
and I will see you next time!
Bye bye!
