https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnE8QWuv6_o
Hi, I'm Eugenie. Do you eat rainbows? 
Today I'm making rainbow sushi rice cake. 
It's totally healthy and very yummy. 
If you make savory cakes, try this.
For this recipe you will need: 
cooked short-grain rice, 
rice vinegar, 
optional sesame seeds, 
mayonnaise, 
canned tuna, 
salt, sugar, onion, 
pepper, red bell pepper, carrot, 
boiled eggs, broccoli, and red cabbage.
First, in a mixing bowl I’m adding 6 ounces of drained canned tuna, 
1 tablespoon of finely chopped onion,
 and 2 tablespoons of mayonnaise. 
And mix to combine. 
This is for rice cake filling. 
And season with pepper.
You can use crab or salmon salad. 
If you are vegetarian, how about guacamole? 
In 3 tablespoons of rice vinegar, 
add 1 tablespoon of sugar 
and 1 teaspoon of salt. 
And stir to combine. 
And pour it into the cooked short-grain rice and fold to mix. 
Be careful not to break rice. I cooked 2 cups of rice today. 
And if you want, now mixing in toasted sesame seeds would be great. 
Then equally divide the rice in 5.
And add one vegetable in each bowl: 
3 tablespoons of finely chopped red bell pepper, 
3 tablespoons of finely chopped carrots, 
crumbles of 3 boiled egg yolks, 
3 tablespoons of finely chopped broccoli, 
and 3 tablespoons of finely chopped red cabbage. 
I used blanched broccoli, carrot, and red cabbage for better taste, digestion, and color.
And mix well. 
For vegetarians, how about yellow bell pepper or yellow pickled radish for yellow rice? 
Any other ideas? Leave a comment below.
Then for a rainbow cup, make a rainbow in a glass. 
First, violet. 
And I will add tuna salad between layers. 
Then green, 
yellow, 
press down a little with a spoon to make it firm.
orange, 
and red.
And for sushi rice cake, make another rainbow in a cup lined with plastic wrap. 
This time I started with red. 
And repeat the process. 
Voila, Healthy rainbow cup. 
And rainbow sushi rice cake. 
Aren’t they beautiful? 
The colors of this dish is  so inviting.  
Bon appetit.
I love it.
Also it’s healthy. 
The main flavor is tuna salad filling. 
So make sure to use your favorite delicious filling. 
You can find the recipe down in the description box. 
And please give me thumbs up if you want to see more savory dishes
And this week I have Facebook giveaway. 
The prize is an organic matcha which is number 1 bestseller at Amazon.com and bubble tea cups. 
To enter this giveaway, just LIKE the giveaway post. That’s it. 
Some people can’t find matcha easily and it can be pretty expensive for such a small amount. 
And this giveaway is perfect for my green tea Frappuccino. 
So don’t forget to find me at Facebook. 
Ok, that’s it for today. Thank you for watching. Bye for now!
