Hey dudes, I'm Hilah, and today on Hilah Cooking
I've got a new variation
on potato salad for you. It's a spicy potato
salad, because I posted it on
Instagram and a lot of people were like hey,
I want to know how to make
that. So, I'm going to show you just in time
for the weekend for all of you
who are cooking and grilling out some stuff
that you're not even inviting
me to, you jerks.
Okay. For the potato salad I've got some potatoes.
They're in the pot. I
already boiled them. I'm pretty sure you can
figure out how to do that.
Meanwhile, we're going to make this dressing.
I've got some mayonnaise in
here. If you don't want to use mayonnaise
you can use sour cream.
I'm going to add some apple cider vinegar.
This is one of my favorite
vinegars, and I like to get the one that's
unpasteurized because it's got a
lot of really good probiotics in it. That
means that it's good for your
intestines.
A little bit of olive oil and some mustard.
This is a fun little mustard
that Suzanne sent me from Germany, and it's
got pink peppercorns and green
peppercorns in it. If you can't find this,
which I've never seen it in the
US so I wouldn't be surprised, you can just
use some kind of brown deli
mustard. It would be very similar. About a
tablespoon of that.
Because this is spicy we're going to add some
chili powder. This is just
ground New Mexico chili powder without any
additional stuff in it. Good,
hefty dose of that. It's not terribly spicy,
but it's got a nice earthy
flavor.
Then, for the spice, a little bit of cayenne,
and that's optional. Leave it
up to your taste. That was a few dashes.
Some black pepper. This has got multiple types
of peppers in it. Super fun.
Some salt. We'll get this whisked together.
Okay. We can set that aside and cut up our
potatoes. I boiled some red
fingerling potatoes. That's fingerling, gentlemen.
I'm going to leave the
skins on. You could use some red new potatoes
or something like that, too,
or some white potatoes. White, or red, or
Yukon gold, those are all really
nice for potato salad. Let's see, maybe cut
them lengthwise, just basically
bite-size pieces.
It's best to dress the potatoes, mix it up
with the dressing while the
potatoes are still a little bit warm, because
that way they'll absorb more
of the flavors from the dressing. Once the
potatoes are in there we've got
some celery. You can cut this up any old size
you want to. I like to cut
them lengthwise and then in sort of smallish
squares.
Add that to the bowl, then I'm going to add
some red onion that I've diced
up. I tried to kind of keep all the vegetables
except the celery red. Get
it? Because spicy, red, devils, cupids.
Okay. Some fresh red bell pepper. These are
peppadew peppers which look
like cherry peppers but they're not really
very spicy at all. They're
usually packed in kind of a sweetish brine.
They've got a nice flavor
profile. It's pretty complex. You can buy
them in a jar, or if your grocery
store has one of those, like, fancy olive
bars they're usually also there.
I've got a couple of those.
You could totally use some cherry peppers
instead, although they're going
to be hotter than these, so keep that in mind.
Or, sometimes you can even
find pickled red jalapenos.
Perfect, that's all in there. Then, stir it
around. This spoon is
ridiculously small for this job. What am I,
an idiot? Don't answer that.
Here we go. To me this kind of potato salad
with the spiciness and the
extra vinegar goes really, really well with
grilled meats and barbecue,
heavy meats like beef brisket or lamb.
There we go. There's our spicy potato salad.
If you like this recipe be
sure to check out the Greek pasta salad recipe
that I just made last week.
Also, check out hilahcooking.com. You can
get this printable recipe, and
also I posted a grilled lamb recipe that would
be superb alongside this
potato salad. Try that this weekend, send
me a picture of what you made,
and I will love you forever, with my clothes
on.
Did I go out of frame? Sorry.
That's delicious. It's tangy and refreshing
and spicy, and I love it, and I
hope you try it. I think you're really going
to like it.
Thanks so much for watching. Please don't
forget to subscribe, and I'll see
you later. Bye.
