[non-automatic.xml]
<transcripts>
<transcript id="31" title="S'Mores Cookie Cups Recipe - Laura Vitale - Laura in the Kitchen Episode 801 " url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1BcYmNA27k" mode="non-automatic">
hi guys!
i'm laura vitale and on this episode of laura in the kitchen, i want to share with you, a treat that i like to call my s'mores cookie cups!
now, i know they sound really fancy, but they could not be easier and they are like the perfect treat if you love s'mores but you don't want to have a camp fire or have a big elaborate fire outside and all that 
these are easy to make and are absolutely delicious!
the ingredients you'll need are very few and basic - and very simple ones especially if you love to make s'mores, you might already have these ingredients on hand, so let me take you over them to get started!
you'll need some all purpose flour, baking soda, some salt, some ground graham crackers, i've got granulated sugar, brown sugar, some unsalted butter that's really softened at room temperature 
i've got little hershey's bars, this was just little bars this size that i just cut up into little squares 
and then i have some shredded chocolate which i'll talk about in a minute, an egg, mini marshmallows, and vanilla extract 
and that is it!
couldn't be any easier 
now what did - i took a bunch of these little hershey's bars and i just separated them because i needed like 48 little pieces 
and then i took some - because i need about 1/4 cup of grated chocolate - and i just took a microplane, you can use your box grater or anything that's not as fine as a zester, and i just grate it just like that 
and i need about a quarter cup so i'll leave the rest as my little treat 
now, the first thing you want to do is get your oven preheated to 375f, what i have here is a mini muffin tin that i have greased with some non-stick cooking spray, and you want to get that out of the way 
and i'm just going to make everything in my standing mixer just because it makes my life a lot easier!
now, in this bowl i"m going to add in my butter that's borderline melted because i have had it on the stove while the oven was preheating, so it started to melt a little bit, but that's perfectly fine 
both kinds of sugar 
and i'm just going to cream them together just so that the sugar is well combined with the butter 
that's looking great!
i am just going to scrape down the paddle attachment and just the side of the bowl - side of the bowl, just because i want to make sure everything is incorporated 
i'm adding in my egg and a good splash of vanilla extract and then i'm just going to mix this together until everything is combined 
now what i did - i took some graham crackers and i just pulsed them really well in my food processor until it was like a fine powder - that's what i want 
so that's what i have here and i"m just going to take a spoon and mix all my dry ingredients together just to give them a head start 
it doesn't have to be perfect because it's all going to get mixed up anyway 
i'm just going to babysit this and get it to - till it's nice and creamy and then we'll add in our dry ingredients!
perfect!
let's give it a little scrape-a-roo 
and now we are just going to add in our dry ingredients 
very simple, kind of like you are making a chocolate chip cookie, minus the chocolate chips 
i'm just going to add my dry ingredients and the grated chocolate, now you can totally omit the grated chocolate if you want to but it makes a difference!
and why you'd want to skip on chocolate is beyond me - but you can omit it if you want to 
just going to let this mix until you - until your dough comes together and then we'll be ready to get these babies in the oven!
that is exactly what i am looking for 
it's at the right consistency for moi!
now, i'm just going to take that out, i love how it comes out really nice and clean and effortless - which i love 
push this baby out of the way 
and now, you can use a tablespoon, or i'm just going to use an ice cream scoop - my little handy dandy ice cream scoop that's about the size of a tablespoon and i am just going to take that and pop that into each little muffin cup 
and once you have them all scooped out, you just roll them in your hands so that they're sort of into a nice neat ball, and then you put then in your muffin tin 
now, as you can see, i'm sort of pressing them down 
you can use whatever you want to make an indent 
a rolling pin is not only my nonna's favorite weapon, but it's also multipurpose in the kitchen 
haha!
the end of this rolling pin just works perfectly for this - and i've made so many different kinds of cookie cups, i make nutella, i make oreo, i make pudding cookie cups - you name it!
and if you would like to see them, comment down below 
but this works perfectly, so i just take the end of my rolling pin and i just sort of press it right in the middle and wiggle it around, and you can see it makes the perfect indent 
i'm just going to continue to do that 
all around  
perfect!
now, i'm going to pop these babies into my oven that's been preheated to 375f, and they'll be in there for about 7-8 minutes or until the edges start to get a lovely golden brown color and when they come out, i'll show you what to do next 
my little cups were in the oven for about 9 minutes and now when they come out, the middle kind of looks a little bit puffed up, but what you do is you take the end of your rolling pin or your spoon or whatever you're using, and then you just reinforce that indent that we made 
so, we have those done 
these just came out of the oven, now what i've done is i've turned my oven onto broil, because i no longer need my oven on, i need the broiler on 
and i take a little piece of chocolate - this is optional, but you know - i love chocolate 
and then i take a little tiny piece - i usually cut the little square in half - and then i put that in the very bottom of each one 
okay, now that you have that, you can add a couple of marshmallows into each one 
i'm going to do, probably three or four marshmallows, depending on how many i can fit 
i do like me some marshmallows though, so i'm probably going to try and do 4 in each one 
some might only be able to do 3 - yeah because they are going to puff up as they bake, so let's just do 3 
i'll behave 
now, i'm going to pop this under the broiler and just broil them long enough for the top of the marshmallows to look like a light golden brown color, and they do puff up a little bit, only keep them in there for like a minute, keep your eye on them because they can go from perfect to burned in a second!
so, about a minute should do the job, but just keep your eye on them 
they look perfect!
now you can leave them as-is because you do have the chocolate on the bottom 
but, i mean, well, you know 
i just like a little tiny bit on the top 
just so that it says the little hershey logo, that way you can tell it's kind of a s'more 
once you have your little square of chocolate on top of each one, allow it to sit for about 5 minutes 
what happens is the heat from the marshmallow starts to beautifully melt the chocolate but yet the little piece of chocolate stays in the same shape 
but watch!
i'm going to take one out 
i'll use this one - comes out absolutely beautiful 
look how beautiful, lightly golden that is 
but watch this 
you see how the chocolate is actually beautifully soft?
uh huh!
uh huh!
i know!
but it still looks like a bar of chocolate on top, right?
i mean come on!
mhmm mhmm!!
i want you to see the layers 
the chocolate at the bottom, marshmallow, the beautiful chocolate on top 
just incredible base 
i quit!
i quit!
ha!
i don't quit, i'm only kidding!
these are phenomenal 
such a cute little twist on a classic s'more 
i would absolutely love for you to recreate this recipe and share a picture with me on instagram, facebook, twitter, whatever you prefer!
nothing brings me more joy than seeing you recreate the recipe, i hope you have enjoyed spending time with me and i'll tell you what, these will be the star of your next cookout if you make these for dessert 
and the coolest thing about them in my opinion, is that the top - it looks like a bar of chocolate but it's melted and gooey and delicious 
just do it 
go to laurainthekitchen com to get the recipe, hope you have enjoyed spending time with me and i will see you next time!
bye bye!
</transcript>
</transcripts>